Welcome to this course module in the previous modules we already built a neat little of UJA app with
the help of next.
Yes it's getting pre-rendered on the server and we take advantage of the out of the box working features
and functionalities next gives us.
Sometimes you want to fine tune some of these features sometimes you want to add functionalities.
Sometimes you just need more than the default setup and it's easy to extend Naks projects in this module.
We'll have a look at these next config file to get a better feeling for what we can do with it and where
you can learn more about the possible settings you can set there and we'll have a look at what plugins
and modules are and how we can use these in our project and how they help us.
So let's dive right in.